Theme Tune: [Music]
Al: Hello farmers, and welcome to another episode of the harvest season. My name is Al
Kevin: My name is Kevin. Yeah, welcome to 2026 the year of the Kevin and the owl for the Chinese. So react. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Al: We're here today to talk about cottage core games
Al: Kevin, we are two episodes in to the month of Kevin and Al
Al: A little bit by little bit behind the scenes in the the the the team chat that I have on Slack
Al: I just need to make that clear. It is not teams chat is a chat for the team
Al: everybody else is busy this month. So it's just me and Kevin all month. But that's, but that's alright because I think the only game releasing this month is animal crossing anyway. Unfortunately all right. Well this episode we're going to do the long awaited newscat shop from the Christmas holidays.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, which will be played. Unfortunately, runs are being held to my head multiple multiple.
Al: There's been a lot of news and I didn't want to do all last episode. So now we're going to do the rest of it here. And we'll just we'll see how it goes.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah.
Kevin: All right. Let's do it.
Al: but first up Kevin, what have you been up to?
Kevin: Uh, not not much. I was thinking about that.
Kevin: Not terribly much. It's been a busy week. Um, uh, the battle cats. I, I re got that set up again, um,
Kevin: because I'm look, we all know it. I'm, I'm a huge mark. I'm, uh, I'm a sucker for the thing that
Al: Yeah, so tell us what the crossover was this time, then?
Kevin: - You're funny.
Kevin: - Street Fighter is back in Battle Cats.
Kevin: What's kind of funny is, the first time they did it,
Kevin: it was still Street Fighter 5.
Kevin: And that was the character designs and the logo they used.
Kevin: But now they have upgraded to Street Fighter 6,
Kevin: which has released last year or whatever.
Al: Does that have new characters?
Kevin: And it does, so here's the funny thing.
Kevin: all the five characters, including some of the old designs,
Kevin: which are not being used in six,
Kevin: but they added two new characters from what six
Kevin: are in their six designs.
Kevin: So it's just really funny 'cause it's Street Fighter 6,
Kevin: but just don't look at the five stuff.
Al: But, but way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, you say, you say designs like it's going to somehow look like the street fighter games, like this is like stick art, basically, right?
Kevin: Don't worry about it.
Kevin: [laughs]
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, costumes.
Kevin: Well, I mean, that's the outfits.
Kevin: I think it would be crossovers actually get proper art.
Kevin: It's not just little, you said it's not cartoony,
Kevin: stick figure cats, they'll do some of those,
Kevin: but well, in for instance, Ryu, when you play as Ryu,
Al: Oh my, okay. Oh wow.
Kevin: it is actually Ryu who looks like Ryu
Kevin: with proper art and animation turn.
Kevin: When Sonic the Hedgehog released he was Sonic the Hedgehog,
Kevin: proper art and everything.
Kevin: You know, maybe it's not like full 3D
Kevin: art style, but they put the work.
Kevin: They make the guest characters look like themselves.
Al: I'm... Cat.
Kevin: So, so yeah, so Street Fighter 5,
Kevin: some of the designs from the outfits in five are being reused,
Kevin: even though they're slapping the six logo on and now.
Kevin: But anyways, it's a lot of fun.
Kevin: It's a beefy crossover.
Kevin: There's a total of, sure, it's like almost,
Kevin: there's like two banners on with eight each,
Kevin: it's close to 16.
Al: Yeah, I think it's I think it's 16. Yeah. I will say Cammy, one of the new fighters looks like an off the clock captain Marvel
Kevin: - Yeah, so yeah, yeah, yeah, she does.
Kevin: I can see that she's missing her hat, that's the problem.
Al: Captain Marvel got bored and decided to go beat up people
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, she, yeah, I actually did pull Cammie.
Kevin: I did a few pulls and got Cammie, which is fun,
Kevin: but it's a problem 'cause I love Street Fighter
Kevin: and there's a lot of Street Fighter characters.
Kevin: And I'm the, I'm the worst luck, my brother Calvin.
Kevin: He's already pulled, I was not playing in the last time
Kevin: they did the co-lab, but he was so altogether right now.
Kevin: He's at seven characters, I think, from Street Fighter Collection.
Kevin: But anyway, so yeah, I'm gonna keep trying to grind
Kevin: and see if I can get something,
Kevin: but I probably won't, I have very bad luck.
Kevin: But I did get some of the cats 'cause they have all the characters
Kevin: and then they have the cat version of the characters,
Al: Maybe that's maybe that's what I'm thinking of then the cat
Kevin: We're just a little, little brown cat, the...
Kevin: Yeah, because they do have that. They have them cosplaying as the characters, and they're very cute and funny.
Kevin: But yeah, that's the thing. I mean, it's still a fun game, I like battle cats.
Kevin: It's not hyper predatory, it's fairly decent for a Gotcha.
Kevin: It's running, it's been running for 11 years, which is really impressive for a mobile game, in my opinion.
Kevin: Yeah, so that's the big one. Other than that, I had picked...
Kevin: Tough animal crossing in Tetris.
Al: what now? Oh, Tetris 19. I forget about that. That's still running. Goodness. Okay.
Kevin: Tetris 99 is doing an event. Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, and they'll drop, and you know every time they drop the special weekend theme, it's a reason for me to go in, because I love Tetris.
Kevin: And it's fine, and I think some of the other cross, like crossover themes are better.
Kevin: You know, with music, the thing with Tetris, right?
Kevin: It's going on, a visual, and the music and sound effects, right?
Kevin: So, you know, you've really got to knock it out of the park.
Kevin: And then I'm a cross answer.
Kevin: And they're okay.
Kevin: They don't hit quite as well as some of the Kirby ones, or even Xenoblade.
Kevin: Fire Emblem had a really good one.
Kevin: Oh, anyways.
Al: of resounding endorsement.
Kevin: Oh, yeah, Tetris 99.
Kevin: Good stuff.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: I like Tetris.
Kevin: It's like the only game I will climb to be good at.
Kevin: Oh, but yeah, it's such as an inch out of that. Oh
Kevin: thing else that I can think. Oh, did I tell you about some of the, um, I recently went on a
Kevin: work trip. I think I mentioned I watched Superman. Did I ever talk about some of the other
Kevin: movies I watched on that trip? Okay. Um, yeah, I just occurred to me because of it. I was
Kevin: talking to someone about it. Um, uh, okay. So I watched Superman. Uh, the last year that was good.
Kevin: I watched the menu from 20 18 and whatever it was. I don't
Al: it is. Oh, good film, 22 I think maybe. It's not that it's not that old. It's not that old.
Kevin: remember, it's 20. Is it post COVID? It might be post COVID. Okay. Whatever. Well, you
Al: 22, yeah, 22 hours rate. Yeah, I do. Good film. I enjoyed it. Yep. Well, you can't
Kevin: know the one, the menu with, I don't remember the actors. Anya Taylor Joy. She's the only one
Kevin: I remember because she's got her, the eyes. Um, yeah. Oh, I do remember my number his name.
Al: think you don't even remember Ray Faim's Faim's. Come on.
Kevin: It was phenomenal. I, I do a little, uh, no, it's a little call me a little call.
Al: didn't remember or you can't remember how it was pronounced. So you didn't want to say it just in case.
Kevin: me. Um, but, uh, but yeah, that, that was a great one. Um, I love a good dark comedy
Kevin: film. Um, and, and that one does it well. And also like, I just love the lampooning of the
Kevin: whole gourmet, you know, hyper gourmet world. Um, because it's, it's pretty nonsensical,
Kevin: but, uh, but yeah, the menu, good, good film for people who don't know it. It's literally
Kevin: about a super exclusive, there's like what? Just less than 20 people and
Kevin: a dinner service on an island that's a restaurant home and then I'll leave it at that it's it's
Kevin: dark comedy I'll say that that's the genre go figure out how that fits in good times um let's see I watched
Kevin: the naked gun from last year with Liam Neeson okay have you seen the other any of the other naked
Al: I have not seen that
Al: No, but I'm aware of the idea and I I have I you know, I have watched various similar
Al: Kinds of comedy, right? Like I know the comedy. It's it's going for it's not my favorite kind of comedy, but I get it
Kevin: No, sure sure sure. Okay, you know the style of comedy
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, well that kind of like hyper just over the top almost surrealist comedy
Kevin: It's kind of dead right now
Al: Yeah, airplane style comedy, I guess you could,
Kevin: Yeah, exactly airplane style comedy. Yeah, that's correct. Um, well, you know, it's kind of dead
Al: it feels like kind of one of the earlier ones.
Kevin: Right now I would say right you know, it's seen that much of it
Kevin: This one is just line-up homogenically going fool
Kevin: back into that style of comedy so they're just you know running like two or three jokes a minute
Kevin: and some of them are very funny when you're just throwing out that many a lot of the
Kevin: movements so there's some bangers in there Liam Neeson I enjoy his work and they play because
Kevin: you know he's still playing the super serious rugged grizzly cop character and they play with
Kevin: that well.
Kevin: It's so stupid, but they did it so much it won me over.
Kevin: They're just a running gag where people just keep handing them coffee cups out of it.
Kevin: No way.
Kevin: I just like out of random places.
Kevin: And it just lawns.
Kevin: It's like that.
Kevin: I enjoyed it.
Kevin: Good times.
Kevin: But yeah, I recommend it.
Kevin: It got chuckles out of me.
Kevin: Yeah, good old naked gun.
Kevin: Let's see.
Kevin: What else?
Kevin: Oh, oh, this is the 28.
Kevin: Yeah, I watch that finally, you know, I'm here. I am eight years late to the party. What can I say? It's a good film.
Al: Oh yes, yep.
Al: Don't worry, I watched it, I only watched it last year.
Kevin: Oh, well, there you go. Well, good film. Right? Jordan Peele did do good stuff. Yeah, I don't have much to say. Yeah.
Al: I still I still find it funny that like Jordan peel half of key and peel has become like one of the go-to
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: harder produce directors
Al: Just just bizarre
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Okay.
Al: Get you someone who can do both right?
Kevin: You know what's bizarre?
Kevin: Yeah, exactly.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: And because he's still like unintentionally or not, he keeps the humor in a lot of his
Kevin: movies, right?
Kevin: Like there's bits and pieces that are like harder or just absurdists, right?
Kevin: That make me laugh at least.
Kevin: But, dude, you know what's bizarre about that whole...
Kevin: thing for me. I didn't really pay attention to key and peel. So, I learned about Jordan
Kevin: Peel from get out really. So, the one that kills me is, you know, the reaction gift
Al: and you're like, "Wait, the famed horror director was in our comedy, Jill?"
Kevin: of peel just sweating, just copious amounts of sweat. The first time I saw it was after, you know,
Al: Yes.
Kevin: like, yeah, I was like, is that trying to peel?
Kevin: Why did somebody get this in their sweaty? Yeah, I mean, that's fine. That's all you need really. But yeah, they're clear. Oh, man. But yeah, I mean, I have gone back and watch the clips. They're phenomenal stuff. We're gonna say. But yeah, all right, that's that's all I got. That's my horrendous movie roundup. What's been going on over there in there?
Al: I've never, like, I've never specifically watched like an episode of their sketch show.
Al: I just see the clips all the time.
Al: Let's see, so we're continuing to play Pokemon the DLC
Kevin: Okay, so frustrating. It's so weird
Al: Yeah, I think I think I would go so far as to say this is the worst DLC they've done
Al: And and the problem is that it's purely because of just like a couple of decisions
Al: They made that make it just so frustrating. So obviously the timer on the donuts is one of them. It's very frustrating
Kevin: Yeah, yeah
Kevin: What I heard it described that is like almost every part of it is random, right?
Kevin: like the ingredients you need or the donut.
Al: Yes, yeah, exactly, there's there's there's there's a level of it, right?
Kevin: You make is kind of randomized. Okay. Okay.
Al: So you have five different flavors you can have in it and each each berry has a certain amount of flavor and
Al: the amount of flavor
Al: determines
Al: What you will get out of it. What powers you'll get out of it, but
Al: There's still a lot of RNG, right? So if you put in a lot of sweet, you are
Al: likely to get a shining power
Al: but
Al: It's random which type it is for example, right? So like I'm currently trying to get shiny Glimit
Al: But I can't seem to for the life of me get a donut with shining power rock or shining power poison
Al: I did get one that was shining power for all types, but it's only level one
Al: So it really doesn't increase the odds very much and that that is very frustrating. So yeah, that's the other thing
Al: It's like the timer, the timer in and of itself wouldn't be a problem.
Al: Because the sandwiches had timers in the last game.
Kevin: No. Yeah. Right. Exactly.
Al: But the problem with the timer is that it's also defining how long you can stay in a specific area.
Al: And also, the fact that there's so many auto saves so you can't just reset in many cases.
Al: So it's like all those things together.
Al: And the thing that's really been frustrating me the last week, and before anyone says it, yes, I know I don't have to keep playing it shut up.
Al: I have to finish this, right?
Kevin: They listen to the show.
Al: I just need to, I just need to, I've got like 20 Pokemon life to go.
Al: But this is the thing that's really frustrating me just now,
Al: is the Pokemon and the DLC are all in these hyperspace dimensions
Al: which you get to using the donuts.
Al: And each day or night, there's like a different list of areas.
Al: It's kind of like the raids in Scarlet and Violet, right?
Al: There's a certain amount and then you can reset it and get more.
Al: And each area has specific Pokemon.
Al: And so the problem is that there's still
Al: like a few Pokemon that I can't get, and I have to keep reloading the day to get like different hyperspace areas so that I can actually catch all the Pokemon, but the thing that's really annoying is there's a bunch of legendary Pokemon, which you get through what's called special scans, which you get the special scans once you've done the story of the DLC and you've done the post game story of the DLC, and so you special scans, they will get you like a rare hyperspace area that will have
Al: in Pokemon, sometimes we'll have legendary Pokemon on it, sometimes won't, and so you have to do like, you have to do tasks to gain points to be able to do the special scan, which then will give you a special area which may or may not have one of the legendary Pokemon in it, and then once you've done that, or it might just be another area with just like a whole bunch of powerful Venusaur for some reason, or it might be a battle area, both things I don't want right now.
Kevin: Oh yeah.
Al: I just want to get the legend
Al: to get a special scan to then do it again and get another one so it's like I don't actually have any of the legendary Pokemon from the special scans and I've done full of them already so it's like I don't it's just so it's the most it's like they went oh we love our people okay it's like they went oh people miss the RNG
Kevin: Oh, yeah!
Al: They loved the going into a...
Al: into the grass and RNG, giving them a Pokemon.
Al: Rather than seeing Pokemon and being able to run into them.
Al: Which, I don't miss.
Al: But they may be saw that some people missed that.
Al: Anyway, that's fine. Let's give them RNG.
Al: Here's all of the RNG. Everything is RNG.
Al: Everything is RNG. The donuts are RNG.
Al: The powers you get from the donuts are RNG.
Al: The hyperspace areas you get are RNG.
Al: The special scans that you get are RNG.
Al: It's just everything and it's so
Al: frustrating and it's taking so long, this might be the hardest
Al: Pokedex to finish. I've ever done. It's just so and it's not even difficult. It's just so time-consuming
Al: You're just doing the same thing over and over and over again
Al: The good thing is there are still poucomon I can shiny hunt in this game
Al: So I'm just like that is what is keeping me going right like I'm shiny hunting a poucomon
Al: And then it's like okay, now I can get a special scan and oh my word
Al: I don't know how I think really the only reason I'm completing this at this point is because you know there's gonna be a home
Al: Thing a poucomon home
Al: Reward for having done the poucomodex
Al: And so it's like I want that
Al: This DLC is just such baffling decisions
Kevin: Yeah, Pokemon's been good, been staying strong with that lead, yeah, but it is wild that at least
Al: Such a frustrating
Kevin: the like decks completion part of it, you think would be easier. But yeah, what I, I mean,
Kevin: because I know people a lot of people including people listen to this right now here about
Kevin: shiny hunting and and and you guys are sick of freaks. So, you know, whatever happens to you guys
Kevin: That's so weird, but...
Al: Well, yeah, yeah. I know I am the problem here looking at my shiny decks. I've got 72 Pokemon left to go
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, but the fact that, you know, even just acts completion, just hitting those legendarys is so difficult because RNG, that's wild, that is really wild.
Al: So I know I'm the problem here
Kevin: Um, I don't know. That's a baffling, like you said. Uh, makes you glad that it's poetic.
Kevin: Oh, make a book, oh yeah.
Kevin: Ha, ha, ha.
Al: But on on the subject of being a sicko and unhealthy coping mechanisms, I have bought a 3D printer
Kevin: Oh, that you know what look, I think that's one of the better ones because at least you get a physical thing out of it, right?
Al: So I am one of those people name
Al: A physical thing, a physical thing that you have to keep putting filament into and creating
Kevin: Like it there is.
Al: things that are so unnecessary.
Kevin: No, I'm saying the stuff you create is, I mean, it's unnecessary, but it's still a thing like there is a potential for utilitarianism.
Kevin: But I look, I think 3D printers are one of the coolest pieces of tech that's come out in the last 20 years or so and and to hit the degree of affordability that they are. That's, that's awesome. I say good for you. Good sir. Yeah, I have you fired her up yet.
Al: So I've plugged it all in, but I haven't actually done anything with it yet, because you're finding the time to be like, okay, I'm going to take like two hours and just like focus on this and understand it that's difficult.
Al: Try to find the time, but I'll find it soon. I'll find it soon. My, my, my big thing that I want to do this is organizational waste stuff. There's a whole bunch of like grid based things that I want to do in terms of like cable management and stuff like that.
Kevin: Be sure, sure.
Al: We're having our say again, sorry.
Kevin: It's time to print your own game cases.
Kevin: Time to print your own game case.
Al: Yeah, I mean, yeah, maybe.
Al: I, we've got our, we're getting our kitchen redone. It's the last that we moved into this house nine years ago and it's like the last kind of big thing we wanted to do with the house because I had such a tiny kitchen.
Al: And so we're getting it extended a little bit.
Al: And so I'm thinking about this.
Al: In terms of, you know, there's a bunch of ways I want to organize things more efficiently
Al: and make my life better using 3D printed stuff.
Al: So that is my plan.
Kevin: Yeah, no, that's cool. Let's see that that's useful at the 3D print your ideal space rack. Go for it
Al: Yeah.
Al: Well, exactly.
Al: That's the thing.
Al: And then, of course, Craig, my son is like, can we print my craft?
Kevin: Right right and I'm done down to that. You know, I don't think that's right
Kevin: Every Pokemon
Al: And I'm like, OK, right, I see where you want.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah time yeah, it's on the make your own amigo good good for you guys
Al: All right, shall we get into the news?
Kevin: Let's do it cuz I hear things happen
Al: So as I normally do, when we're doing our news catch-up, and there's a lot of news, I've
Al: separated it out into sections.
Al: I'm going to start with releases.
Al: So first up, we have the Animal Crossing New Horizons Switch 2 Edition and 3.0 coming out soon.
Al: But we just got some new information yesterday that there is as well as the 3.0 update,
Al: which is available for everyone, and the paid Switch 2 update, which is available if you buy it.
Al: We're also going to have a free Switch 2 upgrade as well.
Al: [laughter]
Al: Which will-- which--
Al: Well, upgrade the-- it's all what it says is, visuals optimized for the Nintendo Switch
Al: to display and improved image quality.
Kevin: Okay, so what's the the paid part includes the mega phone item I guess
Al: That's all we know.
Al: [laughter]
Al: Yes, yes, and also, it didn't, so it didn't explicitly say improved resolution on the free update, but the paid one does say improved resolution.
Al: So I don't know what they mean in terms of improved graphics if they don't mean improved resolution, but it's possible. There's a distinction there or something.
Al: But yeah, the paid one gives you the most control support and the megaphone and maybe some more visual improvements on top of the free one.
Kevin: Wow, that...
Al: I don't know. Yeah, I don't know. I feel like at this point, right, I'm going to need to like not buy the upgrade pack, get the free upgrade, look at it, and then upgrade it and see if it looks any different.
Kevin: Okay. That doesn't sound worth it at all.
Kevin: [laughing]
Kevin: Yeah. Oh, yeah, oh, yeah. Oh,
Al: This is the investigative journalism that you expect from this podcast.
Kevin: ha, ha, ha. And don't demand, but we do it anyway.
Al: Nobody has asked for this.
Kevin: We need our comparison matrix.
Al: It's so confusing. So yeah, and that comes out the same day. So that's this, in fact, it'll be tomorrow if you listen to this on release day.
Kevin: Oh my gosh that's oh my gosh we're almost out of the halfway point of January.
Al: Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. I've just, so someone says, and I don't know whether this is true or not, that it looks like the improved graphics in the free update is only in portable mode.
Al: The paid version gives you 4K and don't.
Kevin: Okay, yeah, and I make that check out. I'll take that
Kevin: Makes it sound like a big one still
Al: We will see, anyway, what a weird decision to make this public.
Kevin: We'll see
Kevin: what else
Al: No, and not tell us that they're saying they announced everything else.
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: That's that's classic Nintendo confusion marketing
Al: Anyway.
Al: Cozy Caravan, 1.0 is no out, so that was in early access for a while.
Kevin: Speaking of animal cross hit with lights
Al: Speaking of definitely not animal crossing is nothing like animal.
Kevin: Now legally mistaken
Al: So... the...
Al: They released in early access...
Al: some time ago.
Al: I can't, in fact, there we go.
Kevin: January 8th. Oh, oh, okay. Yeah
Al: May last May 2024.
Al: And their 1.0 then came out a couple days ago.
Al: So this is the 1.0.
Al: They also have announced their Switch release is coming on the 15th.
Kevin: that's off to them. I respect that, whoops. Or maybe they'll look like the gay man on top.
Al: Who knows, maybe they will regret it.
Al: Maybe who I doubt it, but we'll see.
Kevin: Yeah. Oh.
Al: Next, the farmer was replaced.
Al: This is the coding farming game,
Al: which I really, really need to play,
Al: has announced that they are now on Mac OS.
Al: So that's good, because then I can actually play it.
Al: Because I feel like this is not going to work well
Al: with this game.
Kevin: Maybe just you may have difficulty is
Al: Programming on a steam deck.
Al: Whoa, sounds super fun.
Kevin: Yeah, some of those keys might not bind like you thought
Al: Yeah, so, yeah, I'm going to have to get this purchased
Al: and installed on Mac and play at some point.
Al: It does look fun.
Al: I do have a better problem,
Al: and that I'm not, I don't tend to program very much
Al: program very much inside of work because.
Al: Well, you know.
Kevin: Why would you cook yourself a five star meal when you're already working at a restaurant, right?
Al: I, well, I mean, that is not a great analogy because you want to eat food.
Kevin: No, I know I know I'm just saying you don't want to cook the whole thing
Kevin: Like the thing stands
Kevin: I'm just saying like if you're a chef you probably just microwave a meal at home because you're tired and you don't want to cook anymore
Al: Oh, I thought he said book, you said cook a five star, I think he said book a five star meal. I was like, I felt like this was saying making the complete opposite point of what you were trying to make here.
Kevin: No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
Kevin: No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, I'm the opposite. Yeah, exactly. You probably would want to book a meal
Al: That makes much more sense.
Al: Yeah, I used to do it quite a lot, but then I had kids and then the kids grew up.
Kevin: oh that'll do it yeah that's that's why
Al: And I got tired.
Al: But this does look fun either way, but yeah, it's now on Mac. There we go.
Al: Next, we have Super Farming by have announced that they're coming to Xbox on the 16th.
Kevin: I mean, you know, I remember that one that's
Kevin: Hayotic was a good way of describing it
Kevin: With action adventure and there's farming and combos and
Kevin: Slots off good for them. Well, I pick it up under the art style. It's still really good. I'll say that super stylish
Kevin: I don't have an Xbox. Well Microsoft might say I have an Xbox. I don't know. They say a lot of things are an Xbox
Al: This is the next part.
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: So yeah, I don't know if my switch is the next box yet, but but good good for them
Kevin: It's that's a fun one. I'm gonna try it out on steam at some point. It's cute
Al: Speaking of cute tiny garden have announced that their switch version is coming in cute
Kevin: still
Kevin: Excuse me still not the play date. I can't use the crank mechanics. Oh, you know, but but no
Al: Yeah. That's a whole, that's a bigger deal, porting to the playdate. You got to, you got
Kevin: Yeah, I know I get it. Yeah. Yeah, no, that's fine
Al: to rethink how your UI works.
Kevin: But hey good for them. There's one thing we know here that
Kevin: Rigage core for people usually have a switch and we'll buy things on that so tiny garden
Kevin: Switch good for you tiny garden people. It's more money
Kevin: Hopefully more than you spent to board it
Al: And the final one in our releases section is outbound,
Al: have announced that they are physical and collector's editions
Al: are now available to pre-order.
Al: So they have physical and collector's editions of all the releases
Al: that's Switch to PS5 and PC.
Al: Who's buying a physical game for PC?
Kevin: oh my gosh oh people didn't buy back that in the 90s I think good
Al: What's happening here? Are we in the 90s again?
Al: I really don't understand what's happening here.
Al: Like shoot presumably.
Al: Like it does say physical game, but like surely it's a code for Steam, right?
Kevin: You had hope so. Let's see who's not LRG. I'll say that so good for them
Kevin: But hey, that's cool. Are they getting physical releases? That's pretty cool
Kevin: I didn't realize this thing. We're so close to releasing, but yeah, here we are
Kevin: That's pretty that's really impressive all these collective additions all that for them
Al: Yeah so I think they've said that their release of this game is now Q2 this year so that's how close we
Al: are. They've also said that they're expecting that the digital price will be cheaper than the
Al: physical price that they've got here which the PC pricing is $30 or 25 pound.
Kevin: which probably makes sense, yeah.
Al: So I mean I'm guessing it will be $25 then probably for the game.
Kevin: - Yeah, yeah, that'll be my guess.
Al: Presumably these physical ones are coming later. I've just, I fact they do keep talking about
Al: physical but like they're not going to have a DVD in that PC thing. Are they? Are like a USB stick?
Kevin: ha ha ha now that's that I hope that's not a thing that sounds concerning unless they're
Al: Like do you get physical PC games anymore? Is that a thing?
Kevin: unless you're like and now you know what no no I'm just gonna say no even if you are getting
Kevin: them from a guy in an alleyway it probably still be a code ha ha ha ha ha ha I just
Al: Yeah. Oh.
Kevin: look I know been following and covering it but how high can you go on out
Kevin: your outbound you're in your RV that's what I need to know can I build a building on
Al: well we will I will definitely be pushing those limits so it looks like a limited run do USB sticks
Kevin: it yeah we need to know really that's that's wild that's that feels weird I don't
Al: apparently apparently so it is fascinating I don't want to
Kevin: I think I did comfortable.
Kevin: I don't know why.
Al: I love this. Well, surely there's no difference here, right? Like, it's just like when we talk
Kevin: - Yeah, it just feels sketchy.
Al: about digital and physical, it's all digital. It is all just ones and zeros. It's just about
Kevin: - Yeah.
Al: whether it's on a USB stick or on a DVD. But like, I can't imagine anybody selling games on a DVD
Al: anymore. Like, nobody has disk drives anymore. I mean, yes, you're before people, right? And yes, of course,
Kevin: - Yeah.
Al: some people do have disk drives. I have a disk drive, a USB blu-ray drive that I can use for things.
Al: But I don't want to have to plug it into my computer to play a game.
Kevin: Yeah, no, I, I get that we have moved past even I, notorious, uh,
Kevin: well, I who digs my heels in and fights back against the, the ongoing wave of the future.
Kevin: Uh, I, I'm not, yeah, I'm beyond the DVD, how this, uh, fired up on steam.
Al: Anyway, next we're gonna talk about updates. So first up we have research story 1.1 the decore
Kevin: Look, I still type Google.com to go Google things.
Kevin: That's how we'll, we'll pledge and stuck in the past from him.
Kevin: What is Cody responsible for this week?
Al: Huh the decore and heart event tracker update such a catchy name
Kevin: Oh, oh, that's, oh, that excites some people.
Al: Can you guess? Can you guess what this update includes, Kevin?
Kevin: It includes, this is the, hey, look, we can track things now.
Kevin: Look at us, look at us, look at us.
Kevin: [laughs]
Kevin: Cracking stuff with a whole bunch of decor.
Kevin: That's, oh, look, you know, I know animal crossing technically
Kevin: catalog, but I'm so thankful they never, ever pushed
Kevin: for, you know, to like actually complete it.
Kevin: [laughs]
Kevin: Oh, 'cause that's, that's a dangerous game to play.
Kevin: Catalog here in record, you're, you're, you're big core.
Al: Yeah
Kevin: Then it's your, finished your decoration decks.
Al: Yes, I think I I understand that for a smaller list of things, right?
Al: Like you give me a couple hundred things I could see myself doing that, right?
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Look at all those empty spots in that one list. Look at them. Look at them. Look at them. Don't you feel.
Al: You give me 10,000 things and I'm gonna hate you forever that you've given me a list. I can't complete
Al: Whereas yeah, like if you just give me things give me things that's fine
Al: But don't not do not give me 10,000 things in a list where I can see them
Al: That's what I do not want because that is just mean
Kevin: [laughs]
Al: Yes, I do. Just for clarification, the heart event tracker in this update. So heart events already
Al: existed. This is just a tracker to tell you what your next one is. And it also lists requirements
Al: for the next heart event. I agreed.
Kevin: See that's actually great. That's good. Which I think is the standard in cottagecore now or word we're close to it, right? Some kind of
Al: I think I wouldn't say standard. I would say that like it's what people want. I don't think it's
Al: standard yet sadly. I think there are a lot to give
Kevin: Yeah, well, we're close to it.
Al: to make a difference. I'm saying here if you go here something can happen and so it's not telling you
Al: what to do and where to and who is with and stuff it just tells you something can happen if you go here
Al: which I felt like was kind of the nice it still gave a little bit of mystery right you don't
Al: it's going to happen with you don't know what's going to happen we get there but you know that you can
Kevin: Sure, sure.
Al: go somewhere to do it so it feels like you're still unlocking things as you go but the ability to go
Al: yes yeah I'm going to go deal with that just now I quite like that. Opidum have released their 1.2 update
Al: and it includes they have released many games
Kevin: Australia, what horrors and the natural world has been unleashed.
Kevin: Oh, is it? Okay, what kind of mini games? Wait, beach punk battle. Oh, there you go. There's the one where you fight all the giant huntsman's
Kevin: Battle arena.
Al: That'll be in a wave, fight waves of enemies and get rewards.
Kevin: It's cool. Wait, wait, wait. What's a benny? Is that an Australian?
Kevin: I don't know what that is. I'm saying because when you play beach punk, the play gets other people or benny's. I don't know what a benny is.
Kevin: Yeah, I don't know what that is. I'll look that up. It might be a thing exclusive to this game. I don't know.
Al: Who knows, I also haven't played it.
Al: Evergreen Village have released their 1.6 update.
Kevin: Well, okay, wait, which one's this all these names of whom is it see when we start let's talk about all the games the name start blaring together which one's ever doing village, okay, I'm looking okay, it's full 3.
Al: This is the one where it's build your ideal cozy farm in a living, come on.
Al: This is the one that is the sequel to Everdream Valley, I think.
Kevin: Okay, yes, no, remember yes, okay, yes, yes, not dream my valley, it's not
Kevin: making him out. Sure, that's true. Okay, auto run. Oh, yeah, that's great like the one naming convention we still have.
Al: No, but this one is ever dream village. We don't often get village in a name. So that's different
Al: Anyway, this is the quality of life improvements
Al: Now don't be confused by it being called the 1.6 update. This game is still in early access. It is not hit 1.0 yet
Kevin: Okay. All right, here.
Kevin: What's the better option here, Al? When you hit, you know, or hit the official release, do you go to two or 3.0, or did you just start over and you go to 1.0, but official release?
Al: I think you start over
Kevin: It's still we can prepare 1.6 update before and after.
Al: The worst the worst the worst one for me is slime rancher 2 which hit 1.0
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah.
Al: Because it's not it's lime rancher 2 how can it be 1.0?
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Oh, good time. Sorry, ever.
Kevin: Look, ever jambula that you do have cute animals. I'll say that.
Al: Is that enough to us?
Kevin: Maybe when you reach, maybe when you reach the post 1.6 1.0, well, I play maybe.
Al: All right, next, Far Lands have released their 0.7 update and that has quality of life
Al: improvements. Also, a motorbike. Also, I think it's a hoverbike, according, based on the
Kevin: Right, that's cool. Why which which
Kevin: That these aren't not mutually exclusive. I don't okay. I'm looking yeah
Al: Well, so here's the problem. Here's here's my problem
Al: hover bike motor bike bike
Kevin: Yeah, yeah
Al: bicycle by
Al: To what does it have to of this hover bike
Kevin: Yeah, yeah
Kevin: It has two round parts don't know worry about it
Al: No, it doesn't it doesn't
Kevin: Not this when it has two handles suck no, you're not wrong
Al: do you know what do you know in this naming convention the one that annoys me the most is quad bike
Kevin: Oh, yeah
Al: a quad bike should actually be called a motor quad cycle or a motor quake
Kevin: Right, right, oh, what are you going to roll off the tongue? Yeah, or just a quad cycle right?
Kevin: Quad cycle just quad cycle that that works enough. Yeah, what bank? Yeah, I get it. You know what that bothers me to
Kevin: Okay. Well, would you call this hover thing?
Al: That's Peter. I think Star Wars solved
Kevin: Let's be assured
Kevin: Sure, yeah, now this is podcast now this is podcasting. Look. I said the thing
Kevin: 0.7 to oh
Al: Oh, I just noticed apparently speeders are actually called speeder bikes. Oh, I give up
Kevin: Oh
Kevin: Feet and this is part of the pain of early access
Kevin: Like I guess it's just the nature of the beast of seeing the sausage made but every time I see these like
Kevin: Things being added. I'm like, oh good for you. You're adding all these quality of life things that should be in there
Kevin: Boy, I feel bad for people who are playing without
Al: That's why you don't play early access, right?
Kevin: Yeah, that is actually a big part. Well, I don't play early
Al: All right, well, an update that's not an early access update,
Kevin: Oh
Al: because this game's already out, is Bugaboo Pocket.
Kevin: Oh, I'm not a fan of the image. Who's that buggable?
Al: is they've released a new bug. It's a bug looking bug.
Kevin: It's it's it's what I it looks arachnating nature, and I'm not a big fake
Kevin: It's something about it just being a silhouette that I'm not a fan of
Kevin: Hmm, I just not don't fully know
Kevin: color variants for non shiny. Oh goodness. Wait unique color variants for non
Al: Yeah, so more more color variants
Kevin: Tiny bugs. Oh my gosh
Al: So so they've got so the got shiny they've got shiny bugs right where every rare ones will have a different color but
Kevin: Yes
Al: Each non shiny one can also be slightly different color. It's not like super different
Al: It's not like one day is blue the next is yellow, but it's like the example they show is like different shades of yellow or orange
Kevin: Yeah, like different shades of orange.
Kevin: Yeah, which, look, okay, here's the thing I've talked about this before, right?
Al: I
Kevin: I don't think every creature collect your needs Chinese first.
Kevin: Well, I'm going to, that's my line in the sand second of all, like, if you're going to do
Kevin: Chinese, but then include variants that aren't Chinese, like, I don't know.
Kevin: I just feel like you're, you're cheapening the experience here and end.
Kevin: Oh, I don't know.
Kevin: We're just, I feel like we're chasing two rabbits here.
Al: I agree with that. I feel like you go one or the other. I also say I think most
Al: creature collectors probably shouldn't have shinies because I'm going to be
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I agree. Yeah.
Al: honest with you, creature collector. You are not Pokemon. I am I am not going to
Al: put in the time to shiny hunt in your game. Just not going to do it. You know
Al: how long it takes to shiny hunt? It takes a long time. I have thousands of
Al: I was in, and combined all my Pokemon games.
Al: thousands of hours, you will be lucky if I give you a hundred.
Al: If I give you, if I give you a hundred hours in your game, you will be one of my most
Al: played games, like top 20, right?
Kevin: And, and it especially kills me Yeah, it kills me because especially in like more realistic
Al: I'm not shiny hunting in your game, no one is shiny hunting in your game, sorry.
Kevin: version variants like this one right where we're you know they're trying to you know actually
Kevin: use bugs and you know real life bugs and stuff like bugs already call their variants
Kevin: you want to do that to replicate that that's fine that's cool but you know you don't
Kevin: need to go shiny you don't need to give me a purple centimeter or whatever it's
Kevin: fuck I'm I'm content go out by know if anything because that's real that's cool but yeah
Al: I mean, I'm guessing that's what shiny Pokemon were based.
Kevin: something like that sure um I'm with ginger it's not a bad idea but like I'm when they
Kevin: call them shit the worst part is a lot of them will just straight up call it shiny right
Kevin: like like that's we don't need that we don't need it you don't
Al: yeah. Agreed. I like this color variance thing that they're doing much better.
Kevin: need to have a red garidos I do too I agree yeah yeah that's a little personality a little
Al: Just like everyone you had, just going to be a slightly different color. That's fun.
Kevin: flavor I like it I agree so good for doing that but not what you didn't have to do
Kevin: shiny so just does this I would have been happy as a clam I say as someone who's not played
Al: [Laughter]
Kevin: and we'll probably not hit his game yeah it's cool
Al: Yes, but that's the point of this podcast is to have opinions on games we haven't played.
Kevin: we judge what are we judging next Sal something that probably should wait wait is this
Al: [Laughter]
Al: All right. Ages of Kataria have released their 'The Seasons' update.
Al: Can you guess what's in this update?
Al: It is not at 1.0.
Kevin: one at one point I don't remember okay then fine yeah this is important one seasons out
Kevin: of you know you're doing farming cottage core things seasons are important it's sad
Kevin: good for you we gonna fall now you know when things are harvested in a farming game yeah
Al: Yeah, it adds seasons. That's not much to say, but look, it's early access. Look, it's, it is what it is, right?
Kevin: that's kind of a fundamental let's I feel a little weird it's like I'm yeah yeah yeah I get the
Al: You know where you're getting. If you get at this point, at this point, if you play an early access game and you complain about a fundamental feature,
Al: not existing, that's your problem.
Kevin: Yeah, no, I'm not again. I'm not trying to complain like that. That's why I avoid early acts just
Kevin: The I don't know the optics are always really funny to me. Hey, I'm making a racing game and I added I don't know boosting or drifting
Al: Yes, yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah, I get it. I get it.
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, so I'm always going to heckle it because I'm not fond of early access
Kevin: But it is important. And hey, this is what it's for getting
Kevin: It's right. The game's being worked on. Look at that. That's the thing.
Kevin: It should be odd. Cool. So yeah, I heckle them. But good for you. Eightes of Kataria.
Al: Alright, now we're going to new games, I have three new games to talk about, new games
Kevin: New James.
Kevin: All right. Let's see what games now go on last week's episode.
Al: that we've never talked about before.
Al: First up, we have Heart Opia, welcome to Heart Opia, a multiplayer life simulation game
Kevin: Does it have?
Al: crafted for creativity, freedom and peace, build your dream home, explode a wide range
Al: of hobbies and forge warm connections with friends in a town full of endless possibility.
Al: Endless possibilities, Kevin.
Kevin: Oh, and endless, you know, it just kills me that I'm just, I don't know, jaded is the
Kevin: best word here, but like, I see the trailer, I see the description. There's nothing wrong
Kevin: with any of it. It looks competently made. So some of the visuals are quite nice even. There's
Kevin: like, oh, wow, that looks like a whale. It's very cute. But good heavens. Are you standing out?
Kevin: Other than the fact that your little image looks like that Beatles cover. I don't know what
Kevin: we're off for a year. It does look nice though. It's, I'm not, I don't know if I'm going to
Kevin: play. It's not sticking out to me, but, you know what? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One thing I don't, I'm not sure.
Kevin: So like, they're building a house and it looks like they're maybe doing it. My craft style
Kevin: Will we be able to block my block or piece by piece?
Kevin: But it's pretty detailed. That's that's kind of well, I guess I guess like Dragon Quest Builders
Al: Yeah I think I think instead of Minecraft style I think it's more sim style like they're
Kevin: Are sure that
Al: putting up they're putting a wall up rather than like putting bricks on um it's hard to
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, that's probably it. So they have a waffle maker. I like waffles
Al: because it's very fast in the trailer.
Kevin: It is very fast. Yeah, so I yeah, I don't know the animal look cute
Kevin: I think the visuals are nice, but
Kevin: Nothing nothing's you know, really sticking out to me
Al: Yeah, and endless possibilities, I. Yeah, I don't really know what else to say about this. It looks fine. I bet I'll never play it.
Kevin: It's fine endless possibilities
Kevin: Can you murder people?
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Probably until they, until they guarantee the endless and you can do all that your range nonsense,
Kevin: the other game, you're too scared of.
Al: Here and lies one of the problems.
Kevin: Then you finally break up couples.
Al: When they say endless possibilities,
Kevin: Mmm.
Al: I go, that's too many possibilities.
Kevin: You know what? That's fair.
Kevin: But it's still, I'd still hit my head.
Al: Apparently, this is interesting,
Al: 'cause it doesn't say on Steam,
Al: as far as I'm aware,
Al: but I just went through to their forgive me,
Al: their ex account,
Al: and it says that it's coming out on the 7th of January.
Al: That's in the past.
Kevin: that I was about to say what year unless they didn't say a year is this real is this money
Al: This game is definitely not. This effort is definitely listed as still coming soon.
Kevin: laundering what's going on now okay this getting closer to money
Al: That's a very good question.
Al: You can install it on Android, apparently.
Kevin: laundering and then we expect it's up oh that that I don't know how much I believe in that software
Al: It looks like it's free on Android and...
Al: Yeah, I can install on my iPhone as well. I am currently installing the game. But it is not available on Steam. It says coming soon on Steam.
Kevin: What is XD International?
Kevin: I don't, what is this developer?
Al: I think they are the publisher.
Kevin: Oh, it says developer and publisher.
Kevin: I don't know, or these people.
Al: there are a Chinese game.
Kevin: Okay, okay, you know what?
Kevin: Now we're getting somewhere.
Kevin: [laughs]
Kevin: It's, it's things sometimes are still questionable.
Al: Yeah. Yeah. There's a lot. I'm gonna, yeah, I don't know what's happening here.
Kevin: What is heartopia?
Kevin: We don't know.
Kevin: You know what?
Kevin: It's really our endless possibilities here even beyond the game.
Kevin: Stay tuned, we may one day find out the legality of this game.
Al: Or the existence part.
Kevin: That too.
Kevin: Is their next game actually existing, Aldi, you know?
Al: No, two seconds. I'm not, I'm not done here. Just you, wait a minute. Just you, wait a minute.
Kevin: Ah ha ha yeah! We got a dig. Oh, I just...
Al: You can download the game directly from the website as an exe file.
Kevin: Oh my!
Kevin: Oh, he's f***ing off!
Kevin: Oh, is the risk of our data being collected worth it to see what is going on here?
Al: [laughs]
Al: This is fascinating.
Kevin: I'm coming soon, but make dig drop January 7th on their website.
Kevin: Maybe I forgot about Steve, who knows? This is wild.
Al: Right, I'm gonna have to investigate this, but let's keep going with the podcast, and I'll see if I've got anything new to bring next episode. So next game ancient farm
Kevin: the game that apparently actually exists.
Al: Plow
Kevin: Unlike Heartopia question mark.
Al: So I'm gonna read out the blurb, but before that I'm gonna describe this as basically first paint first person roots of patcher
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, farming simulator 20 or zero. I don't know whatever 2,000 BCs unlike that whatever. Yeah, 2026 BC. There you go
Al: Plow, plow, plant, water and harvest as you build your ancient Egyptian farm from the ground up.
Al: Begin with nothing, yeah, begin with nothing, and unlock workshops, production buildings and temples through your own hard work.
Kevin: All Egyptian specifically.
Al: Uh, I fun concept that there's no way I'm playing this game.
Al: It's out now.
Kevin: It's it's it's very cool. It looks you can see the Egyptian
Kevin: I'm just I don't know the real realistic visuals are aren't working for me. That's that's probably the biggest problem
Al: Yeah, it has mixed steam reviews
Kevin: It's 71 of them
Al: 71 mixed reviews
Kevin: There you go, that sounds about Mike
Al: Most people suggesting the game does not include a lot of
Al: anything
Kevin: stuff to do. Oh, man, I love, oh. Oh, okay. That, you know what? That's something. You
Al: So it exists, but to what degree does this exist? Oh?
Al: You can like just slaughter pigs with a knife and cut them up. Oh boy
Al: You
Al: I mean, you're not wrong. It is something. I'm not sure if it's good or bad something
Kevin: okay. Yeah. Look, if you're at the worst part is like, again, if they're going for like
Kevin: this realistic thing, but I know is this, who's developed this?
Kevin: this is like one guy, because it feels like a very neat, specific thing.
Kevin: I want to make a realistic farming simulator, but ancient Egypt.
Al: I don't think it's one guy because if you go to the developer, the developer is apparently A2 softworks
Al: and if you go to them on Steam they have 10 games, so I don't think it's gonna be one.
Kevin: other stuff
Kevin: Well, oh
Kevin: Looting hits like climber sky is the limit and pirate commander. I love craft. It's okay
Al: Drill deal demo. There's no normal version of drill deal, just the drill deal demo.
Kevin: Okay
Kevin: Okay, and okay. I am I do this is the kind of game you'd expect from this
Kevin: developer
Al: Yeah, yeah it definitely looks like not a huge amount of effort has gone into this game.
Kevin: Yeah. Yep. Possibly a lot of stock unity assets in here. Let's say that.
Al: I think that's probably fair.
Kevin: Yep. Okay.
Al: All right, finally, Kevin, I know you love two things.
Kevin: Our most real games so far.
Al: One, I know you love to hyper-analyze over almost no date data.
Kevin: I... I do enjoy that. You're right.
Al: And two, I know you love Minstone Island.
Kevin: I... do I like a strong word here, but I did enjoy. I beat it. I'll say that.
Kevin: Like... I beat it. I haven't beaten other games that I love, so you know what, maybe.
Al: this here. This here is maybe a new game. I'm not 100% sure, called minstone academy by the minstone
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: island developers. And that's an all. It does. It does. It looks different enough that I think it's
Kevin: Yeah, that looks like a new game.
Al: probably a new game. Like the protagonist is clearly dressed very differently. And the movement,
Kevin: Yup
Kevin: Yeah, but one of those magic cats
Al: the movement is not
Al: look the same like the way it moves through buildings and up the stairs is not
Kevin: Yeah, that's a thing
Al: home in Stone Island work.
Kevin: Nope, Muncho Island is flat flat or climbing like a ladder like it's very clear
Kevin: It's very like Minecraft grid like let's say that this is there's a building and you're walking through it
Kevin: I mean still I submit.
Kevin: But there's also a by-school confirm by-squas two wheels, which is different for moons on island, which there placed an emphasis on fixing your broom and whatever.
Kevin: Um, so yeah, this is it.
Al: The bike also is flying.
Kevin: It is, but a propeller, which is different like I like okay.
Kevin: I don't know why we do that. We had the brooms and you're clearly still going for a magic thing, but okay, whatever.
Kevin: Um, that's a new game.
Kevin: I don't know what it is.
Kevin: We don't know.
Kevin: There are no monsters or creatures on this little trailer thing.
Kevin: So, what kind of game is it?
Kevin: I have no idea.
Kevin: Not the slightest.
Kevin: There's also a big M on like a logo on inside the trailer on the ground.
Kevin: I don't think I actually called it some.
Al: Yeah, I think that's like instead of an H on a helicopter landing pad.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: So I think this is the runway.
Kevin: Something like that.
Kevin: All right.
Kevin: You know what?
Kevin: I'm going to.
Kevin: I'm pointing my bat in here.
Kevin: I think it's a not just like sequel as it.
Kevin: It's the next game.
Kevin: I think like it's going to be chronologically later for Moonstone Island.
Kevin: And they built an academy on the island.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: That's that's my thoughts.
Kevin: So what will the gameplay be like?
Kevin: I don't know.
Kevin: But I'm just saying that's I think it's going to be the same setting.
Kevin: Um, and just different stuff.
Kevin: - Yeah, I don't know.
Al: just different stuff. This is great. I agree. Different stuff. We will see we will keep an eye on it.
Kevin: - Different stuff, you'd hope so.
Kevin: You'd hope so.
Al: We will bring the news to you at most a week late unless it is a special time like Christmas
Al: in which case it will come a few weeks later.
Kevin: Or that one month in the summer when we do something else cuz that was vacationing that are working from wherever whatever you know what I mean.
Al: not podcasting. That's the important thing. All right, we also have two
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: miscellaneous pieces of news. First up, out and about have released a road map
Al: for the gate for this year. They have a German localization coming. They have
Al: an autumn update, likely around March, which I love. Just like that whole
Al: sentence I just love is fantastic.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, it's good. Good for them. I'm sorry. I'm trying to figure out what is in honesty stall
Al: So, an honesty stall is a stall where it's unmanned and you would have things out and you'd
Al: also have a place where you can place money to purchase one of the items.
Kevin: Okay, no, that's
Al: Then they have other languages they're planning to localise to.
Al: French, Chinese, Portuguese, Spanish, Korean.
Al: and Japanese, and then in Q3 of this year, they are planning the 1.0 update, including a console
Kevin: Let's go ahead. I appreciate that always
Kevin: Mmm
Kevin: Crafting decorating okay, I just I don't know by
Kevin: When you add a whole bunch of stuff in other games
Kevin: I feel like to start to lose your identity a little. That's all I'm saying
Kevin: Because this is the foraging game, right like go out find
Al: But what are you doing with those things you're farage if you don't crash?
Kevin: Oh, okay fine
Kevin: Because in enough both craft sources and I'm crossing
Kevin: Okay, you know what the crafting decorating is one thing the gardening
Kevin: Now feels a little I guess you need resources you needed arm resources
Al: I think it depends on the scale, right? If it stays small, then that's fine. But if you can go, like,
Kevin: I guess so
Al: full, like, Stardew, I'm going to have a thousand things growing at once, then yeah, that's probably
Kevin: [laughs]
Al: a bit too much.
Kevin: Yeah, okay.
Kevin: - All right, all right, what else?
Al: Finally, we have a new trailer for the Seven Deadly Sins Origin. This came with the game,
Kevin: We didn't have it in our Game of the Year episode and award for the most baffling farming game, but this one's still taking it.
Al: yeah I mean from this trailer there's not a lot of farming happening in this
Al: trailer there's there's a lot of attacking and defending and a bolt I truly
Kevin: Yeah, you're right.
Kevin: It's combat and moving and flying on flying animals.
Al: believe there will be some farming in this game but I do not believe it is the
Al: primary point of this game
Kevin: I guess not. I haven't seen the enemy right the monger or whatever. I don't know about this series. Oh, good times.
Al: there we go. We did it. We, we are up to date with news now. He says refreshing steam
Kevin: We did it for real. Yeah.
Al: and look, there's a lens island update. They've added controller support. Finally. Actually
Kevin: There we go. Do you just want to add it? Well, you know, that's a good one. That's right.
Kevin: Go for you, L'ins Island.
Kevin: I appreciate that.
Al: it's not yet. It's coming soon though. On the week. Goodness.
Kevin: Well, on the way.
Kevin: Oh my gosh.
Al: All right. Wow. Thanks.
Kevin: That is this show.
Kevin: What what games are we adding to our most?
Kevin: Looking forward to 2026 now.
Kevin: I don't know.
Al: we've done no changes. All right, Kevin. No, thank you Kevin for joining me for this news
Kevin: You don't want a heartopia of possibly question.
Al: cat job episode. Is there anything you would like to, is there anything you would like
Kevin: Shut up.
Kevin: Thank you, Al, for having me.
Kevin: I I look on that interesting person.
Kevin: You've uncoupled prisoner or go find me.
Kevin: Go if you want.
Kevin: I don't I don't have anything.
Kevin: I was going to make art over the holidays, but I got the flu instead.
Kevin: So I didn't enter the Mega Man boss competition.
Al: Yeah, that's another thing that's a scam, illness, just, yeah, just illness in general,
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Wait, what?
Kevin: What?
Kevin: The floor of the Mega Man boss conference.
Kevin: Oh, yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, you know what?
Al: although I feel like we weren't actually recording when I said that work is a scam,
Kevin: Yeah, no, you didn't.
Al: wherever that was before the recording.
Kevin: People won't get that, but it's fine.
Al: I said, record, I said, work is a scam, that's what I said, and I stand by it.
Kevin: Many things are scam in this world.
Kevin: Artopia, maybe one of them.
Al: - Yeah.
Al: Who knows, me soon.
Al: All right, you can follow the podcast on Tumblr
Al: and on Blue Sky @thspod.
Al: You can send us feedback from our website,
Al: harvestseason.club.
Al: Go tell us whether you think heartopia is a scam.
Kevin: That's yeah, I actually like to know that it's a big try to figure that out still
Al: And also, if you think one other farming game that we talk about is also a scam, tell
Kevin: [laughs]
Kevin: Mmm, that's a great topic.
Al: Also on our website, you can find links to everything to do with the podcast, including our patreon patreon.com/thspod where you can support the podcast, you get bonus episodes of the podcast.
Al: We just released one looking at what games me and Kevin are most looking forward to this year, the aren't farming.
Kevin: one. Yeah, go listen to it. And don't listen to the game. I thought of immediately after
Kevin: we stopped your court. Fireman's coming out. It has a gun in it. Fireman was gone. I wanted
Al: What was that? Ah. Oh.
Kevin: to see what that's about. Yeah. I mean, it was briefly like in a shot, like the cinematic
Kevin: thing. So we don't know what's going on. But somebody's packing heat in the Fireman universe.
Al: Okay
Kevin: Well, yeah, yeah, go. Oh man, that episode was good. We devolved into nonsense. We go to
Kevin: stupid places. I'm very fun. Now, go listen to the worst Marvel characters we want in
Al: We don't we don't only talk about Pokemon we do talk about other
Kevin: and then it saw me a curse. Cool people. I mean, that's that's a...
Al: You also get access to a slack what's been happening in the slack recently
Al: if people will be mocking me in the slack recently it's been a while since I've
Al: looked. The trying to convince me to watch Fiddler on the
Kevin: the fall, always. But yeah, there are people. I didn't know were in the slack in the in I
Kevin: discovered this week. Actually, you know, yeah, it's good. There's good people. It's just
Kevin: always fun to the new face. Like who are you? There's a family guy gift currently on the
Al: Yes, yeah, it's, I know exactly what that was. That was, um, what, what, uh, was it William
Al: Shatner in Fiddler on the Roof. Alright, I think that's everything. That's how we're
Kevin: Probably, yeah, probably, it turns to me, right?
Al: going to finish this off talking about William Shatner in Fiddler on the Roof. Thank
Al: you, Kevin. Again, for joining me. Thank you, listeners for listening. And until next
Kevin: family guy. Thank you all for having me on.
Kevin: I'm good, harvest, woo!
Al: time.
Al: Have a good harvest.
Theme Tune: The Harvest Season is created by Alma Henry, with support from our patrons, including our
Theme Tune: pro farmers, Kevin Stewart, Analisa.
Theme Tune: Our art is done by Micah the Brave, and our music is done by Nick Brutus.
Theme Tune: Feel free to visit our website, harvestseason.club for show notes and links to things we
Theme Tune: discussed in this episode.